[Music]
what if I told you that plastic surgery
is by far not the only way to get rid of
signs of aging on your face let's give
them a try shall we exercise number one
upper eyelid lift put your middle
fingers over the bridge of your nose so
that they meet between your eyebrows
place your index fingers on the outer
corners of your eyes basically you
should be making two V's over your eyes
once your fingers are in place and
pressing slightly on your skin look up
and squint your lower eyelids it should
feel like you're pulling them towards
your upper eyelids if you're doing
everything right
you'll be able to feel the muscles of
your outer eyes working now squeeze and
relax your eyelids 10 times once you're
done with that shut your eyes tightly
and count to 40 this exercise targets
and tightens the muscles around the eyes
to give you a naturally lifted eye area
it also helps get rid of saggy drooping
lids which will open up your eyes for a
more youthful appearance exercise number
two under eye tightening the finger
position for this exercise is pretty
similar to the first one only this time
you'll place your middle fingers on the
inner corners of your eyes the index
finger will still be on the outer
corners again using light pressure you
want to be delicate around the eye
region look up and squint a bit until
you feel the muscles of both the outer
and inner parts of your eyes contracting
repeat this squint relax squint movement
at least 10 times all the while keeping
your upper lids open at the end of the
exercise squint and look upward with
your lower eyelids still tensed for 40
seconds this exercise will help remove
the puffiness and dark circles that can
show up in the under eye region with age
[Applause]
exercise number three forehead lift put
your index fingers on your forehead so
that they're parallel to your eyebrows
lightly press on your forehead and lift
your brows like you're surprised keep
raising and relaxing your eyebrows for
10 reps after that hold your eyebrows in
the lifted position and use your fingers
to push down on them a bit count to 30
relax your brows and massage them using
circular motions this exercise won't
only raise your eyebrows and open up
your eyes
it'll also fade any wrinkles and fine
lines on your forehead exercise number
four cheek lift start by opening your
mouth as wide as you can so that it
forms an oval also put your index
fingers on the apples of your cheeks and
smile with the corners of your lips
after that push the corners of your lips
down do 35 quick reps this sort of
exercise works the circular muscles
around your mouth as for this one in
particular it helps lift the apples of
your cheeks which tend to sink overtime
with aging exercise number 5 all natural
nose job if your nose is a bit too long
for your liking then give this exercise
a try lift the tip of your nose with
your index finger then start to pull
your upper lip down you should feel the
tip of your nose push against your
finger as it tries to move downward but
don't let it hold this position for a
couple of seconds then release the
pressure on your nose and relax your lip
doing 35 quick reps will be enough just
don't forget to breathe as you're doing
it training the muscles in the nose like
this will cause them to pull the nose up
visually your nose will look shorter and
the tip will seem more narrow exercise
number six lip plumping first of all
purse your lips but don't tighten them
imagine that you're holding a pencil
with your lips next lightly press the
center of your lips with your index
finger keep your lips 10
until you start feeling the muscles
around them burn a little bit as soon as
you feel this burning sensation press
and release the middle of your lips
repeatedly count to 30 and then stop if
you do this exercise regularly and
correctly your lips will look fuller
since you've worked the muscles around
them any wrinkles around your lips will
also begin to disappear no needles are
necessary exercise number seven
smoothing smile lines open your mouth
and pull your lip skin over your teeth
to make a small o imagine that you're
drawing two lines from the corners of
your mouth to the sides of your nostrils
now start to move your index fingers
over those lines first up then down
repeat this movement until you feel a
light burning sensation along your smile
lines after that start to make pulsating
movements with your index fingers while
quickly moving them up and down your
smile lines count to 30 and you'll be
done with this exercise if you do it
regularly your smile lines are bound to
become less noticeable exercise number
eight neck tightening and posture it's
best to lie down for this exercise grab
the front of your neck with your hands
raise your head up off the floor a bit
and hold this position for a couple of
seconds after that relax and lie back
down repeat this movement 30 times then
stretch your arms along your body
slightly raise both your shoulders and
head off the floor and tense your
buttocks turn your head to the right and
then to the left
20 times relax and do ten more reps this
exercise will strengthen your neck
muscles and help improve your neck
posture so that it holds your head up
straight
it'll also tighten the skin on your neck
and make it smoother
[Applause]
exercise number nine base slimming you
can also do this exercise while lying
down open your mouth so that it looks
like a sideways oval position your hands
on the sides of your jaw and slowly move
them up along your face while looking
forward keep doing this until you feel a
light burning sensation on both sides of
your face after that lift your arms
overhead
and stay this way for half a minute the
result of this exercise will be toned
and tightened facial muscles which also
means a visually slimmer looking face
exercise number ten get rid of a double
chin sit down in a chair keep your back
straight and raise your chin then wrap
your hand around the base of your neck
right above the collarbones and pull the
skin down a bit remember that your eyes
should look upward tilt your head and
keep bending your neck back until you
feel the tension in your chin and neck
muscles then count to three and return
to the initial position repeat this
exercise 35 times it'll help strengthen
your jawline and slim down a double chin
that's it for the exercises themselves
but there's one crucial thing you should
remember while doing them and that's
your posture yep it makes a world of
difference whether you're slouching in
your chair or sitting upright so make
sure that you sit straight with your
stomach pulled in in the muscles of your
buttocks and upper legs tighten as a
result you'll be able to concentrate on
certain facial muscles a lot better and
be sure to always wash your hands before
you touch your face bacteria on your
fingers can clog your pores and cause an
acne breakout besides that when you're
doing the exercises you should feel a
light burning sensation in your facial
muscles that means they're getting the
exercise they need no pain no gain right
the trick is that when you do facial
exercises your fingertips provide the
resistance needed for an effective
workout
kind of like what weights do for you at
the gym and finally remember to relax
your
muscles after you finish doing the
exercises to do this make your lips
vibrate by pressing them together
tightly and then blowing this simple
thing will help relieve muscle tension
and get rid of any lingering pain that
may have developed during your workout
if you want to achieve a stable visible
results as soon as possible you should
do the exercises at least twice a day
and spend a minimum of 10 minutes on all
of them as an added bonus your
complexion will also improve
significantly have you or anyone you
know ever tried doing facial exercises
let everybody know down in the comments
if they worked for you and don't forget
to give this video a like share it with
your friends and click subscribe to stay
on the bright side of life